Fix style consistency issues across docs (#5694)
mintlify/docs: deploy/github.mdx

  <Accordion title="One-click clone (recommended)">
    The clone option automatically creates a copy of your documentation in your GitHub account.

>     1. Select **GitHub** as your provider, then select **Clone**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select **GitHub** as your provider.
    2. Click **Clone**.
```

    If you prefer to set up your repository manually:

    1. Download your documentation as a zip file so that you have a backup of your files.

>     2. Select **GitHub** as your provider, then select **Continue setup**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Select **GitHub** as your provider.
    3. Click **Continue setup**.
```
